docs: DOC-1667: Node Pool Sizing Guidelines (#6968)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/pcg/manage-pcg/create-manage-node-pool.md

:::

You can create additional node pools to meet the requirements of your workloads, such as defining different node pools

> for different workloads, better managing the IP address utilization, or providing additional capacity. Additional IPAM
> node pools can be assigned when deploying a VMware vSphere cluster with a static IP network. This guide provides
> instructions on how to create an IPAM node pool for a PCG deployed in a VMware vSphere environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for different workloads, better managing the IP address utilization, or providing additional capacity. You can assign additional IPAM
node pools when deploying a VMware vSphere cluster with a static IP network. This guide provides
instructions on how to create an IPAM node pool for a PCG deployed in a VMware vSphere environment.
```

If we want to avoid passive voice

Author: Thank you! Passive voice is not my strong suit ._.

   | **Gateway**                      | The gateway IP address for the node pool.                                                                                                                      |
   | **Nameserver addresses**         | The IP addresses of the nameservers for the node pool.                                                                                                         |
   | **Nameserver search suffix**     | The search suffix for the domain supported by the nameservers. This field is optional.                                                                         |
   | **Restrict to a single cluster** | If enabled, the node pool will be restricted to a single cluster. Additional clusters will require creating more node pools.                                   |

   :::info

   The number of IP addresses assigned to each node pool must be at least three more than the total number of control
   plane and worker nodes that will be assigned to the node pool. At the start of cluster deployment, three IPs are
   immediately reserved: one for the Cluster API (CAPI) bootstrap VM, one for the Kubernetes API load balancer, and one
   for pool-level repaves.

>    If you do not have a sufficient number of IP addresses available, the cluster cannot be deployed. As an example, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you do not have a sufficient number of IP addresses available, you cannot deploy the cluster. As an example, if
```
If we want to avoid passive voice. Though it does sound a little bit harsh in the active voice XD

   you plan to use the node pool for a cluster with one control plane and three worker nodes, you must have at least
   seven IP addresses available.

   :::

   #### Range

   If you select **Range** as the **Network Type**, you must provide the following information:

   | Field              | Description                                              |
   | ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------- |
   | **IP Start range** | The starting IP address for the node pool.               |
   | **IP End range**   | The ending IP address for the node pool.                 |

>    | **Network Prefix** | The network prefix for the node pool. For example `/18`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Network Prefix** | The network prefix for the node pool. For example, `/18`. |
```
